I'm aboard the news you know 51 now the
whole is based on the previous 1005 1:9
but it's got a completely new deck and a
reconfigured cockpit and you have three
choices of a head sail plan a stealth
Packer a 106 tube and a 135 Genoa and
all the lines are led ask in these
channels under the deck and that
actually makes for a really interesting
country configuration so let's take a
look at that now these lines terminate
in these sin lock Road klutzes and that
goes on to the winches but notice how
far aft that is that leaves a forward
part of the cockpit for relaxation and
he's very comfortable lounges the
interior on this boat is pretty unique
and that's because the twin aft cabins
are not symmetrical the port one forms a
nice VIP suite while the starboard can
be either a double a pantry or it
workshop one of my favorite features on
this boat is how open it is at now this
is an electric transfer much like on the
54 it opens up to a nice slim platform
and you have retractable davits which
means if you're racing or you just want
to stow them away at the dock they
disappear there's a lot to like about
the news or no.51
come check it out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters